  
I need to gain more practical expereince to analyse it in a much better way.
In case of minor mistakes please accept this submission.This is my best interpretation.

I have selected variable on the basis of higher loadings and variable that explains most of the variables.


       For this particular case I would go with 5 cluster solution as it best explains my data.
   
    1) In segment 1, customers use all the services provided by the credit card company.
       But they seem to make very less advance payments they seem to make only purchases
       with the card as a result they will be maintaining very heavy balance.They are platinum users for the company.
       They are cash cows to the company.
  
    2) In segment 2, customers are quite opposite to the 1st segment. they use the credit card
       only to make advance purchase transactions. They use other services very rarely.These customers 
       should be provided with promotional packages.These customers seems to be new customers to the 
       company as the tenure is very less.

    3) In segment 3, customers are not so avid users of the credit card .They use the card very limitedly.
       They maintain good balance but they dont use it extensively.They seem to save money.

    4) In segment 4, customers seems to use the card for making payments for purchase instalments.These 
       customers maintain less balance when compared to other segments.
       They are new customers to the company.Campaigns should be conducted for these customers by describing
       the various services offered by the company and discounts should be given where ever necessary.

    5) In segment 5, customers are similar to segment 3 where they only use the credit card to make advance
       purchase transactions.Their tenure is very less when compared to other segments.
       They are like gold users to the company.They dont use other services provided by the company regularly as they are
       new customers.Promotional offers and regular discounts should be given to these customers so that they will gain loyalty
       of the brand and they may reffer their friends or colleagues to this credit card service if they like the
       services offered by the company.